Drupal Association South Africa
===============================

Agenda 2015-11-25
-----------------

1.1. Attending / Apologies
--------------------------

    Person    Attending ✔ / ✘ Apologies
    ===================================
    Riaan Burger        ✔ 
    Greg McKeen         ✔ 
    Jason Lewis         ✔ 
    Adam Dunn           ✔ 
    Robin Prieschl      ✘
    Johan du Bois       ✔ 
    Ivan Breet          ✘
    Lee Taylor          ✔ 
    Renate Ehlers       ✔ 
    Lauro Scott Parkin  ✘
    Richard Banks       ✘
    George Ziady        ✘
    Inky Talbot         ✔ 
    Sergio Henriques    ✘
    Ilsoda Musa         ✘

Quorum achieved (two thirds of governing board): ✔

Apologies:

- No Apologies

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.2a Hand Over to New Governing Board *Riaan / N/A*
---------------------------------------------------

New Board:

- Jason
- Riaan
- Johan
- Greg
- Lee
- Renate
- Inky

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.2b Decide on Governing Board Portfolio Holders *Everyone*
-----------------------------------------------------------

- Essential:
  - Chairperson: Johan
  - Vice-chairperson: Jason
  - Treasurer: Renate
  - Secretary: Inky (Ingrid)
  - Portfolio Manager: Lee
- Replace each Agenda Item responsible persons (next to headings) with real
  names. Use the minutes field for this as we don't alter the agenda itself.

Minutes:

- TODO: Replace each agenda item
- Agreed by all those present.
- Full handover happens at the end of the last meeting of that years board.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.3. Constitution *Secretary / Vice Chair*
------------------------------------------

Agenda:

- *Secretary* to edit a Google Docs copy of the constitution with the new
  governing board's details.
- *Everyone* to send their full legal names e-mail and telephone number to the
  secretary.
- *Everyone* to download, sign and post original signed constitution to the
  *Secretary*.

Minutes:

-  Inky/Jason will collect this information. Everyone needs to send these details ASAP. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.4. Handover *Adam / Greg / Chairperson / Vice Chairperson*
------------------------------------------------------------

Agenda:

- Treasurer and bank account.
- Secretary and documentation.

Minutes:

- Greg will courier documentation down to Cape Town.
- TODO: Narative Report
- TODO: Financial Report/Statements
- TODO: Submit new board to NPO Office.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.5. Confirm Next Meeting Wednesday 20 January 2016 *Chair / Vice Chair*
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Minutes:

- Confirmed

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.6. NPO Registration  *Secretary / Vice Chair*
-----------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- We have a registration!

Tasks:

- *Greg* to collect our forms.
- Registration approved on 8 September 2015.
  - Reference Number: 158-394 NPO
- Once registered:
  - Update stationery and website and announce.
  - *Adam / Treasurer* will arrange an accountant (CA).
  - Annually:
    - Narrative report (first one due in August by Chairman).
    - Financial reports signed by accounting officer.
    - **Changes to board / leadership / constitution should be noted.**

Minutes:

- Certificate will be fetched on Thursday 3rd December 2015.
- A change in the board will need to be submitted to the NPO Office.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.7. Metrics for Measuring DASA's Success 2015/16  *Johan / Riaan*
------------------------------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- Reference:
  - [Indicators on GitHub](https://github.com/DrupalAssociationSA/InternalDocumentation/tree/master/Indicators)
- We now have data for May, June, July, August, September and October.

Tasks:

- *Johan* and *Riaan* to confirm they and two other people can update metrics.
- *Riaan* to develop JavaScript widget for visual representation.
- Reporting for 2014-15 to be adopted at AGM within 6 months of financial year
  end (i.e. before end August):
  - Narrative report (Chairman)
  - Financial report (Treasurer)
- Our AGM is after this date, can we adopt this at a regular meeting or SGM?
- Outgoing board will need to adopt the report, as they are responsible for it.

Minutes:

- None

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.8. Membership *N/A / N/A*
---------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- New membership structure is *Individual R 150* and *Organisation R 5 000*.
- New creative from *Jason*.
- Website updated, let's promote and sign up!

Tasks:

- *Everyone* to promote and sign up!

Minutes:

- None
- Jason will supply CMYK files for printing.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.9. Pastel Online *Treasurer / N/A*
------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- *Adam* and *Riaan*: wants to recommend that we implement Pastel Online for our
  accounting.
- https://accounting.sageone.co.za/Marketing/Pricing.aspx

Minutes:

- Agreed
- Renate and Riaan will have the initial login accounts.

================================================================================

2. National User Group Meet-ups
===============================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.1. National *N/A / N/A*
-------------------------

Minutes:

- Usually handled by Robin. 
- Jason will take this.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.2. Cape Town *Jason / N/A*
----------------------------

Minutes:

- Jason reports: Last meetup last Thursday, coincided with the Drupal 8 Release Party
- 45 attendance. 44 reported on meetup.com
- Talk by Michael from AmazeeLabs

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.3. Durban *Riaan / N/A*
-------------------------

Minutes:

- Johan reports: Durban was awesome. 
- Blaze, Renier and Mark look like they will run with the meetup.
- No confirmed venue, but some good ideas.
- Riaan will follow up.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.4. Johannesburg / Bryanston *Ivan / Lee*
------------------------------------------

Minutes:

- Adcorp are no longer able to host the meetup. By February when the meetup starts again, we need a new venue. Please submit ideas.
- Drupal 8 Launch Party was a success. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.5. Johannesburg / Parkhurst *Riaan / N/A*
-------------------------------------------

Minutes:

- Riaan reports: everything went very well at the last meetup. 
- Unconference works really well. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.6. Pretoria / Centurion *Renate / N/A*
----------------------------------------

Minutes:

- Renate reports: 89 people signed up for the meetup group.
- First meetup is planned for 2016 (Date unknown?)
- There needs some intervention given that fewer people are attending the meetup.
- TUKS radio and more communication is required.
- Speak to Jason about the Cape Town events, and how the social media is managed.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.7. Pretoria / Cape Town (NGO/Government) *Riaan / Johan*
----------------------------------------------------------

Minutes:

- Riaan reports: Will start in March, and will cycle quarterly with Cape Town.

================================================================================

3. Communication
================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3.1. Newsletter (MailChimp) *N/A / N/A*
---------------------------------------

Tasks:

- *N/A* to post an article on groups.drupal.org to explain reasons to
  subscribe to the newsletter:
  - To be notified about the elections
  - Keep abreast with community news, and meetup dates
  - Solicit articles
  - Describe frequency of e-mails
- *N/A* is rebuilding the newsletter with information learnt recently.
- *N/A* is adding a signup form to the website.
- *N/A* will push the development to the live site.
- *N/A* will require content, job openings, meetups, calls for sponsors, write
  up post-meetup, pictures and photos, and to promote the fact that people can
  vote.

Minutes:

- Managed by Robin
- Bring this into the Board, so that someone at our meetings can help manage the newsletters. 
- We require Subscriber numbers for our metrics.
- Jason will contact Robin regarding the changes.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3.2. dasa.org.za & drupalcamp.co.za *N/A / N/A*
-----------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- Gov/NGO Request for Forums and Private Threads.

Tasks:

- *Jason* to make a statement to contrib@dasa.org.za regarding the
  drupalcamp.co.za domain ownership. Registered ownership can by with anyone
  prepared to change ownership of the domain under direction of DASA if
  requested.
- Consider someone suited to the position asking if DASA can purchase the Drupal
  domains for South Africa, drupal.co.za and drupal.org.za, from it's current
  owner.
- *Riaan* to remove DrupalCamp Cape Town 2015 from the website.
- In 2016, integrate with social channels so that we don't rely on e-mail,
  meetup.com and GDoSA alone. Unify.

Minutes:

- Publish to groups.drupal.org the statements, so that they are outside of "our" control.
- Move domains etc to DASA, now that we have an NPO.

================================================================================

4. Administrative
=================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.1. Accounting *Treasurer / N/A*
---------------------------------

Bank Account:

- Name: **Drupal Association South Africa**
- Bank: **FNB**
- Branch: **251655**
- Type: **Cheque**
- Number: **62446745492**

Statements:

    Account: 62446745492
    Balance: R 27 284.01

    2015/11/11,     -4.00, 27284.01, #SERVICE FEES
    2015/11/11,    -65.00, 27288.01, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2015/11/09,    100.00, 27353.01, SCHEDULED PYMT FROM   GREG MCKEEN
    2015/10/21,    150.00, 27253.01, FNB OB PMT            MEMBER:DUBOIS
    -------------------------------- Since Previous Agenda
    2015/10/17,  -1220.18, 27103.01, GOV/NGO CATERING
    2015/10/10,    -44.75, 28323.19, #SERVICE FEES
    2015/10/10,    -65.00, 28367.94, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2015/10/10,      0.00, 28432.94, BIS/INT 5 ON TRUE TIERING = 44.75
    2015/10/08,    100.00, 28432.94, SCHEDULED PYMT FROM   GREG MCKEEN
    2015/10/05,  -2477.73, 28332.94, AMAZEE PAYMENT
    2015/10/02,    150.00, 30810.67, INTERNET TRF FROM     DASA MEMBER A DUNN
    2015/10/02,    150.00, 30660.67, INTERNET TRF FROM     RIAAN MEMBERSHIP
    2015/10/02,    150.00, 30510.67, INT-BANKING PMT FRM   RENATE INDIVIDUAL M
    2015/10/01,  -1763.00, 30360.67, GOODFELLOWS DRUPAL
    2015/09/16,   -641.71, 32123.67, PJ LEWIS VARIOUS
    2015/09/16,   -575.81, 32765.38, STEWART WEST
    2015/09/16,   -500.00, 33341.19, DASA CAPE RECORDING

Tasks:

- *Treasurer* to update this a couple of days before each meeting.
- *Lee* to set up a GitLab account for DASA.
  - Accounting to move to a private repo on GitLab.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.2. Official Drupal 8 Launch Party *N/A / N/A*
-----------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- ETA for Drupal 8 Launch is November.
  - [drupalreleasedate.com](https://drupalreleasedate.com/)
- At Cobblestones in Monte Casino in Johannesburg.
- Awaiting venue confirmation in Cape Town.
- Johannesburg listed on https://assoc.drupal.org/drupal-8-launch-party

Tasks:

- *Jason* to arrange for a Cape Town launch party.

Minutes:

-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.3. Any Other Business *Everyone*
----------------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Agenda Notes:

- Anything arising at the meeting or not on the agenda.

Minutes:

-

================================================================================

5. DrupalCamp Gauteng 2016 *N/A / N/A*
======================================

Agenda Notes:

- *10 and 11 March 2016*
- *Department of Arts and Culture, Arcadia, Pretoria*
- New board confirm *Riaan* as authoritative organiser?

Minutes:

-

================================================================================

6. DrupalCamp Cape Town 2016 *N/A / N/A*
========================================

Agenda Notes:

- Any early ideas.
- Authoritative organiser?

Minutes:

-

================================================================================

7. Not Broadcast or Recorded
============================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Any Sensitive Topics *Everyone*
-------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

- Any topics that need to be held in confidence.
- No recording and minutes to be kept in print / writing only.
- Example of such items are ones discussed with relation to our constitution:
  - 7: Governing Board
    - 7.11: Confidentiality
      - All matters pertaining to litigation, security measures, contractual
        negotiations, employment matters and any other matters deemed
        confidential by the Governing Board, must be treated as confidential
        and only the actual decisions may be disclosed to the general public.

Minutes:

-

================================================================================
