Drupal Association South Africa
===============================

Usage
-----

Pull requests intending to add notes to the agenda by anyone should make changes
to the **Agenda Notes** only, start with your **"*Name:*"**.

At meetings, only the **✔ / ✘** and **Minutes** sections will be updated.

Agenda 2015-01-21
-----------------

Attending / Apologies *Greg / Lance*
------------------------------------

A list of people attending and apologies for not attending the DASA meeting on
Wednesday evening 21 January 2015.

    Person   Attending ✔ / ✘ Apologies
    ==================================
    Riaan Burger       ✔
    Greg McKeen        ✔
    Jason Lewis        ✔
    Adam Dunn          ✔
    Robin Prieschl     ✔
    Johan du Bois      ✔
    Lancelot Nyachoto  ✘
    Ivan Breet         ✔
    Lee Taylor         ✔
    Renate Ehlers      ✔
    Andre              ✔

Quorum achieved: ✔

Agenda Notes:

* Apologies from: Lancelot has sent apologies.

Minutes:

* 

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Confirm Next Meeting *Greg / Lance*
-----------------------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Wednesday 18 February 2015 (third Wednesday of February).

Tasks:

* Confirm *Greg*, *Johan* and *Jason* tested virtual attendance using Hangouts.
* *Ivan* to confirm if we can use the conference facilities.

Minutes:

* Riaan got the date right this month.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

New Board *Greg / Lance*
------------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Agenda Notes:

Tasks:

* Confirm *everyone* read and signed the
  [Constitution](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DYY133KEg320wm4mIIBMDMd8f31LpndEimysmFUe6oU).
* *Greg* to arrange for the constitution back from *Johan* and *Jason*.
* *Greg* to file the signed constitution.

Minutes:

* Will be signed on Wednesday. Riaan may retrieve it at the meetup, else another plan will be made.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Western Cape Government & Drupal *Johan / N/A*
----------------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* We need to assign a backup for this to someone. It's *N/A* right now in the
  heading.

Tasks:

* *Johan* to assist in DASA registration as an NPO.
* *Johan* to develop a needs analysis on the things that DASA needs from
  potential partners.

Minutes:

* *Johan* will take this offline and rename the agenda item.
* Requirements have been looked at. Constitution seems to align with NPO rules. Submit application form, completed by Secretary, Chair Person and Treasurer. Within 2 - 6 months to receive a certificate. All the stationary should be updated to reflect the status.
* *Johan* to send documents and package of what needs to happen.
* Reporting requirements, annually a narative report. Financial statements, signed by accounting officer. Any changes to the board and leadership, constitution, etc.
* Needs analysis discussion moved to indicators agenda item.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Governing Board Elections *Greg / Riaan*
----------------------------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Agenda Notes:

Tasks:

* *Greg* to create a "How-To" template for future elections. Have this available
  for adjustment throughout the election season.

Minutes:

* Still to be done.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Design Work *Robin / Jason*
---------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

Tasks:

* *Robin* / *Jason* to remove "of" from the primary DASA logo. *Done*
* *Robin* / *Jason* to create pretty badges for membership options. *Outstanding*
* *Robin* / *Jason* to create localised CI for Pretoria and Windhoek. *Done*
* *Robin* / *Jason* to create design elements for our Google+ page. Then provide
  to *Lee* for implementation. *Outstanding*
* *Robin* / *Jason* to create design elements for our GitHub account and page.
  Then provide to *Ivan* for implementation. *Done*
* *Riaan* to help *Robin* create a GitHub repo for the CI. *Outstanding*
* *Robin* / *Jason* to send versions to the custodians of meetup.com pages. 

Minutes:

* All regional brandings have been created
* DASA material has been made available in PDF and PNG formats
* Robin needs to be able to submit via GitHub, once his keys issue has been resolved
* Renate requests a purple colour for Pretoria
* *Robin* to follow up with meetup.com page owners, to update the CI.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Membership & Fund-raising *Renate / Robin*
------------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* We can now sign up for individual and company membership.
* Can we consider making R 100/200 monthly donations?

Tasks:

* *Everyone* able to sign up as individual and agency members.
* *Everyone* to encourage agencies and friends  to sign up as individual and
  agency members.
* *Everyone* able to try to donate R 100 / R 200 per month.
* *Riaan* to follow up with the project managers.
* *Renate* and *Robin* will post messages to the newsletter and GDoSA.

Minutes:

* Badges are required to push the membership aspect.
* Messages need to be posted to the newsletter, to encourage signup.
* *Adam* to distribute banking details.
* Marketting once the CI is in place.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

================================================================================

National User Group Meet-ups
============================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

National *Robin / Jason*
--------------------
*≈ 1 min*

Agenda Notes:

* We need to assign a backup for this to someone. It's *Jason* right now in the
  heading.

Tasks:

* *Robin* Once the newsletter is up: Communicate on the newsletter and GDoSA
  Wiki:
  * Discourage demonstrations in favour of slides.
  * Encourage shorter atomic talks and more topics per meetup.
  * Respectful code of conduct to be maintained.
  * During introductions round at meet-ups have everyone say whether they signed
    up for attendance on meetup.com.
  * Collect e-mail addresses for the newsletter.
* *Robin:* Use monthly newsletter to support the meetups.

Minutes:

* Newsletter is being finalised by *Robin*, first one will go out Wednesday 11 Feb 2015.
* Move these items into a Wiki.
* *Ivan* to send e-mail addresses to *Robin* for the newsletter.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Johannesburg *Ivan / Lee*
-------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

Tasks:

* *Lee:* Reports on ongoing efforts to better our video casting.
* *Ivan:* Reports on status and requirements for the meetup.
* *Ivan* to see if we may use the video resources in the meeting room.

Minutes:

* *Ivan* will get us setup with Adcorps video conferencing, and see if it's possible to use with a Mac.
* *Ivan* We need to get a decent influx of speakers. 
* *Ivan* Hopefully we can setup a plan for the year.
* *Robin* to note that there is a planning session, in the newsletter.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cape Town *Jason / Robin*
-------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

Tasks:

* *Jason / Robin:* Reports on status and requirements for the meetup.
* *Jason* to create the meetup.com events either as an automatically repeating
  monthly meetup or to create them more than four weeks before the next meetup.

Minutes:

* *Jason* Speakers are difficult to get.
* 16 people signed up for the next meetup. Johan and Victor will be speaking. 
* Riaan will attempt to be there for the Jan meetup.
* *Jason* / *Johan* Speak to Mark Theunissen about potentially speaking.
* Attempt to have 2 events active at a time. JHB will attempt the same.
* *Jason* requests potentially having a banner to show at the Cape Town meetups, also shirts for the speakers.
* *Jason* send quotes to core@dasa
* *Jason* will speak to the Cape Town guys, to find out if anyone wants to come to JHB to speak.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pretoria *Renate / Ivan*
------------------------
*≈ 10 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Planned for March:
* Need a venue.
* Start in **March** targeting Universities around the area.
* Renate hosts, with assistance from the rest of us.
* Book a selection of speakers from Johannesburg up to three months in advance.

Tasks:

* *Ivan* and *Renate* will coordinate.
* *Ivan* will phone some people at the university to find about a venue.
* *Renate* and *Riaan* to consider the day of month.
* *Renate* to start a meetup.com group now and solicit sign-ups.
  * *Adam* to reimburse *Renate* for the cost drawn on the DASA account,
    filing the receipt.
* *Renate* to book Johannesburg speakers (speak to *Ivan*) to fill three months'
  meetups in advance.
* *Renate* to speak to TUKS about getting it on the Radio.
* *Renate* and *Ivan* to invite some people from Pretoria to attend the
  Johannesburg meetups before March.
* *Ivan* to talk to the Angular meetup who may be interested to help.
* *Renate* to announce at the Johannesburg meetup in case people want to drive
  through to attend the Pretoria meetups too.

Minutes:

* Last Wednesday of every month.
* First three speakers are setup for the first meeting. Greg (overview), Riaan (technical), Renate (planning).

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Durban *Riaan / Freda*
----------------------
*≈ 1 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Nothing new here, waiting for first available opportunity.
  * Try to get at least one person each from JHB, CT and PTA to attend.
  * Create the meetup.com event meet-and-greet when date and place is confirmed.

Tasks:

* When we have a date:
  * *Riaan:* Get the list of 30+ web companies to *Freda* who will coordinate
    people that may attend.
  * *Freda:* Coordinate and contact web companies in Durban.
  * *Riaan:* Set a date.

Minutes:

* Turn this item into a "note" so that it doesn't need to be addressed everytime.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Areas *Riaan / ?*
-----------------------
*≈ 1 min*

* Nothing new here:
  * We'll first focus on South Africa before considering Southern Africa.
  * Once Durban is up, we'll ping the network for demand to determine other
    locations.

Agenda Notes:

* We need to assign a backup for this to someone. It's *N/A* right now in the
  heading.
* *Lance:* His team in Windhoek is interested, but will need some enticing help
  in the new year.

Tasks:

* None.

Minutes:

* Turn this item into a "note" so that it doesn't need to be addressed everytime.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================

Communication
=============

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsletter (MailChimp) *Robin / Andre*
--------------------------------------
*≈ 10 min*

Agenda Notes:

* One national newsletter.
* Robin to author the newsletter.

Content:

* Repost (rewrite as article about the article) interesting GDoSA articles.
* Report on the month's meetups and events.
* Showcase projects, people, community.
* Focus on getting a routine, then incremental improvements.
  * Get the low-work-load sections out so long.

Tasks:

* *Robin* to post an article on groups.drupal.org to explain reasons to
  subscribe to the newsletter:
  * To be notified about the elections
  * Keep abreast with community news, and meetup dates
  * Solicit articles
  * Describe frequency of e-mails
* *Robin* to start writing monthly newsletters (send the first). Start with
  low-work-load sections first (events list), contacts, template.
* *Andre* to support Robin to ensure this all happens.

Minutes:

* Postponed until Feb.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

dasa.org.za Website *Riaan / Renate*
------------------------------------
*≈ 8 min*

Agenda Notes:

*

Tasks:

* *Riaan* to ask *Jason* to update with Cape Town data (donations).
* *Lee* will help *Adam* setup GitHub account and subscribe to the DASA repo. *Done*
* *Adam* or *Riaan* (fall-back) to update general and Johanneburg data.
* *Jason* to update Cape Town data or notify *Riaan* or *Adam* with the data to
  update.
* *Renate* to bring the site up for local development, on success becoming
  webmaster and point of contact for updates. *In Progress*
* *Riaan*, once we have >= 10 companies donating or as members, change
  attribution from *Donation by Person* to *Donation by Person at Company*.
  * Currently we have 6: DunnLofts, Burtronix, AdCorp, Robboto, SuproNet and eConsultant
* *Riaan* to place a review of the company links by the board on the agenda
  in April, August and December. We're checking that the new company links does
  not become "top-heavy" looking abusive or highlighting few over many.

Minutes:

* *Jason* to add donations info to the DASA site.
* Remove the numbers. Creates unneccessary posteuring.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Advertising *Ivan / Renate*
---------------------------
*≈ 2 min*

* Nothing new here (waiting for new PTA meetups):
  * Target student radio / gazettes.
  * 702.
  * Midrand radio.
  * Provide detail on the website when ads / spots are to be live.

Agenda Notes:

Tasks:

Minutes:

* Postponed until the Pretoria meetup begins.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

GDoSA Maintenance *Andre / Renate / Robin*
------------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

*

Tasks:

* *Andre* to do and overall update of the Wiki including with reference links to
  the DASA website, Meetup.com groups and our newsletter.

Minutes:

* Once the Pretoria data, and JHB Mini Camp data has been set, Andre will update the GDoSA system.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================

Administrative
==============

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

E-mail Distributions List *Lee / Riaan*
---------------------------------------
*≈ 1 min*

Agenda Notes:

* *core@dasa.org.za:* Adam, Jason (L), Johan, Greg, Riaan, Robin, Renate
* *contrib@dasa.org.za:*
  Core, Andre, Freda, Ivan, Jason (M), Lancelot, Lee, Mark, Renate, Richard
* *git@dasa.org.za:* Ivan
* *info@dasa.org.za:* Greg

Tasks:

* *Everyone* notify *Lee* as needed to add people working with DASA to Controb.

Minutes:

* Move into Notes (Wiki) section.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DASA Shared Calendar *Lancelot*
---------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

Tasks:

* *Lancelot* to add links to the calendar to the website. Will need to visit or
  communicate with *Riaan* to learn how to update the website.
* Reference from *Lee*:
  [#11](https://github.com/DrupalAssociationSA/InternalDocumentation/issues/11#issuecomment-63364481)

Minutes:

* Move into Notes (Wiki) section.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DASA Domains *Lee / Adam*
---------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

Tasks:

* dasa.org.za was deleted by Hetzner when Adam explained that we did not need hosting any more  
   *Lee* I registered and re-build the zone as best as I *Lee* remember it, seeing that Hetzner did not seem to have
   a copy of zone that they could give to us.

* Other domains that came up while I was re-registering dasa.org.za:
 * drupal.net.za
 * drupal.web.za
 * dasa.net.za
 * dasa.web.za

* These are registered and *Lee* will donate them to DASA, should get the DASA details so that DASA is recorded as the registrant.
* *Lee* will setup redirects to dasa.org.za for all the domains, mail has already been aliases in GApps.

Minutes:

* Domain has been moved to diamatrix, away from Hetzner.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Accounting *Adam / Riaan*
-------------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Agenda Notes:

    Account:, 62446745492
    Balance:, 7406.00, 7406.00

    2015/01/16, 100.00, 7406.00, INTERNET TRF FROM      DUNNLOFTS TO DASA
    2015/01/10, -61.00, 7306.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/12/27, 1200.00, 7367.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION
    2014/11/17,  500.00, 6228.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION
    2014/11/11,  -61.00, 5728.00, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2014/11/10,  500.00, 5789.00, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION

Tasks:

* *Adam* to update this a couple of days before each meeting.

Minutes:

* No real change in status. Adam will cover the bank fees.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Branded items for Meetups *Renate / Riaan*
------------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

To help professionalize the Drupal user-group meetups we want to add a podium
and a 'backdrop' banner with a full-colour DASA logo. This should present our
speakers, community and Drupal in a more professional light.

* *Renate:*
  * Podium: R 3 900
  * Banner: R 2 274.30

Tasks:

* *Ivan* and *Renate* will get two more quotes for backdrop and podium.
* *Ivan* to check, when available, if the new AdCorp offices will have podiums.
  * If so then *Renate* and *Riaan* to rather get quotes for a microphone.
* *Riaan* to get quotes on Video Conferencing stuff: Small Portable Computer
  (wifi), Video, Microphone and run them past *Lee*.

Minutes:

* *Jason* / *Renate* to send quotes to contrib list.
* *Jason* / *Robin* to send quotes for shirts.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Official Drupal 8 Launch Party *N/A / N/A*
------------------------------------------
*≈ 8 min*

Agenda Notes:

* We need to assign people. It's *N/A* right now in the heading.
* At Cobblestones in Monte Casino in Johannesburg.

Tasks:

* *N/A* to confirm with Cobblestones.
* *N/A* to publish the intent on GDoSA asap.
* *N/A* to arrange for a Cape Town launch party.
* When a date is set:
  * *Ivan* to notify Johannesburg Meetup.com event organiser to list the event.
  * *Jason* to list the event on Meetup.com for Cape Town.

Minutes:

* Cobblestones requires notification if there's more than 30 people
* Cape Town will co-ordinate their own meetup. 
* Stickers to say "I was at the Drupal 8 launch party"

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Drupal Speaker(s) at BC Computer Fair *Adam / N/A*
--------------------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

*

Tasks:

* *Adam* to investigate speakership opportunities at the Business Connection
  computer fair.

Minutes:

* MWOT (My World of Technology).
* As an NPO, we can get a free stand.
* Provides an opportunity to speak to people outside of the Drupal community.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Moving Our Indicators *Johan / N/A*
--------------------------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* We need to assign a backup for this to someone. It's *N/A* right now in the
  heading.
* Investigate other methods than meetups and camps to move DASA's indicators
  of success in a positive direction.

Tasks:

* *Johan* to to describe this more clearly for future agendas and perhaps to
  compile a few suggestions for discussion.

Minutes:

* *Johan* will circulate a proposal to the contrib mail list.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Any Other Business *Everyone*
-----------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Anything arising at the meeting or not on the agenda.

Minutes:

* None

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================

DmCJHB'15: Drupal MiniCamp Johannesburg 2015
===========================================

* Date: **Saturday, 28 March 2015**
* Project Manager: **Renate**, *Everyone* stay in contact with her.
* <= 60 people.
* Attendance is free, food available at cafeteria.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

General / Overall *Renate / N/A*
--------------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

*

Tasks:

* *Robin* to design attendance, sponsor (four grades of sponsorship), speaker and organiser badges
  suitable to be printed on vinyl stickers.

Minutes:

* None

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Venue *Adam / Renate*
---------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Business Connection.

Tasks:

* *Adam* to confirm venue availability urgently.
* *Riaan* and *Adam* to meet urgently to make sure a business connection ;-) can
  be made with a speaker at the conference from BCX regarding their cloud
  services.
* *Adam* to get a menu from the caterers for us to publish. If they need
  requirements, we only need basics, like ham & cheese sandwich and something
  for potential vegetarians.

Minutes:

* Requests a write up of the Camp.
* Riaan will go with Adam to go meet BCX, and perhaps Ivan. First week of Feb.
* Adam needs an email to send to them, explaining the vision and mission of the camp.
* Adam will find out if we have access to the network etc. 
* Find out about Recording facilities.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Date and Times *N/A / Renate*
-----------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Saturday, 28 March 2015
* 40 minutes slots. 10 min break. 5 min file in, file out.
* *Decide* on a start and end time.

Tasks:


Minutes:

* 9am - 3pm. Lunch break at ±11:30-12:30 (1hour).

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Speakers *N/A / Renate*
-----------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Potential Speakers
  * Business Connection (required)
  * Mark Theunisen
  * Johan
  * Ivan - Reserve
* Decite on Topics and Speakers now if possible.
* Urge speakers to prepare off-line slides and ideally, GitHub based reveal.js
  slides that we will make off-line copies of.

Tasks:

* *N/A* to confirm speakers early. Required reveal.js slides on GitHub.

Minutes:

* 2 guys from BCX. Minimum of 1. 20 minutes each.
* ±40 minutes talk, 30/20 minutes and 10/20 for Q&A.
* Slides must be vetted within 2 weeks before the event.
* Riaan will talk about Responsibility of Web Dev, Privacy, etc. 
* Greg will do the keynote at 15 minutes, before lunch.
* Renate/Ivan will MC.
* Jason/Robin to talk about the creative approach.
* Drupal segment required. Brief overview of Drupal projects created by South African companies. (Robin)

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Promotion *Robin / Renate*
--------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Use Meetup.com, newsletter and GDoSA.

Tasks:


Minutes:

* Once venue is confirmed, as soon as possible, *Robin* to coordinate
  announcements and event listing.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sponsorship *N/A / Renate*
--------------------------
*≈ 10 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Banners, Shark Fins and the like will be made so that they are DASA-branded
  and space for sponsors will be left so that sponsorship Vinyl stickers can be
  removed after the conference so that the DASA items can be reused.
* Ensure affordable sponsorship opportunities are available so that we do not
  leave anyone out.
* This is a mini-camp, so should be cheap. Any left-over money will go do DASA.
* Options:
  * Individual / Token: *R 150*
    Comes with:
      * 2 Vinyl (back-of-laptop) Stickers
      * Noted on DASA.org.za website as an individual or token sponsor.
  * Silver: *R 500 + cost of Shark Fin*
      * Logo on a stage Shark Fin.
      * 4 Vinyl (back-of-laptop) Stickers
      * Noted on DASA.org.za website as a silver sponsor.
  * Gold: *R 1 500 + cost of Banner + cost of Shark Fin*
      * Logo on a stage Banner.
      * Logo on a stage Shark Fin.
      * 6 Vinyl (back-of-laptop) Stickers
      * Noted on DASA.org.za website as a silver sponsor.

Tasks:

* *Renate* and *Ivan* to get three quotes for:
  * Banners
  * Shark Fins
  * Large Vinyl Stickers for Sponsors.
  * Small (back-of-laptop) vinyl stickers for sponsors.
* *Renate* to keep a list of costs *everyone* identifies and e-mails to her.

Minutes:

* Costs will be finalised by the next DASA meeting. 
* Renate is authorised to make executive decisions regarding the mini-camp.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

================================================================================

DrupalCamps SA (Future)
=======================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

General / Overall *N/A / N/A*
-----------------------------
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Encourage more regular mini camps (<= 60 people).
* Full DrupalCamp will follow around September 2015.
* Alternate full camps with Cape Town.
* We need to assign people. It's *N/A* right now in the heading.

Tasks:

* *N/A* to contact *Jason* in Cape Town to look at the feasibility of a MiniCamp
  there.

Minutes:

* Place into the Wiki, postpone to next year. Replaced with MWOT as a suggestion.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================

Not Broadcast or Recorded
=========================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Any Sensitive Topics *Everyone*
-------------------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Any topics that need to be held in confidence.
* No recording and minutes to be kept in print / writing only.
* Example of such items are ones discussed with relation to our constitution:
  * 7: Governing Board
    * 7.11: Confidentiality
      * All matters pertaining to litigation, security measures, contractual
        negotiations, employment matters and any other matters deemed
        confidential by the Governing Board, must be treated as confidential
        and only the actual decisions may be disclosed to the general public.

Minutes:

*

Completed / Agreed: ✔

================================================================================

The End. 9:05 PM
