Drupal Association South Africa
===============================

Agenda 2015-07-15
-----------------

Attending / Apologies
---------------------

    Person    Attending ✔ / ✘ Apologies
    ===================================
    Riaan Burger        ✔ 
    Greg McKeen         ✔ 
    Jason Lewis         ✔
    Adam Dunn           ✔ 
    Robin Prieschl      ✘
    Johan du Bois       ✔
    Ivan Breet          ✔
    Lee Taylor          ✔
    Renate Ehlers       ✔
    Lauro Scott Parkin  ✔
    Richard Banks       ✘

Quorum achieved: ✔

Apologies:
From Robin

Minutes:

* 

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Confirm Next Meeting Wednesday 19 August 2015
---------------------------------------------

Minutes:

*

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NPO Registration  *Johan / Greg*
--------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* *Greg* filled in the on-line application form. We have a reference number.
  * Awaiting feedback.

Tasks:

* Once registered:
  * Update stationery and website and announce.
  * *Adam* will arrange an accountant (CA).
  * Annually:
    * Narrative report (first one due in August by Chairman).
    * Financial reports signed by accounting officer.
    * Changes to board / leadership / constitution should be noted.

Minutes:

* Received feedback, that instead of just 3 directors, we need to submit all 7. Each time. 
* Awaiting information from them on how to submit the info for the other directors. 

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Developing Metrics for Measuring DASA's Success 2015/16  *Johan / Riaan*
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Reference:
  * [indicators.md](https://github.com/DrupalAssociationSA/InternalDocumentation/blob/master/Indicators/indicators.md)
* Reporting for 2014-15 to be adopted at AGM within 6 months of financial year
  end (i.e. before end August):
    * Narrative report (Chairman)
    * Financial report (Treasurer)
* Our AGM is after this date, can we adopt this at a regular meeting or SGM?

Tasks:

* *Johan* and *Riaan* to update monthly metrics, going back three months.
* *Johan* and *Riaan* to confirm they and two other people can update metrics.
* *Riaan* to develop export to CSV and Google Sheets.
* *Riaan* to develop JavaScript widget for visual representation.

Minutes:

*

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Google+ Branding *Robin / Jason*
--------------------------------

Tasks:

* *Robin* / *Jason* to create design elements for our Google+ page. Then provide
  to *Lee* for implementation.

Minutes:

* On the list of TODOs with Jason, after returning from Zurich and the camp is taking up time.
* Will be done with the Parkhurst graphics.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Membership & Fund-raising *Renate / Robin*
------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* We're awaiting e-mail vote to confirm new membership fee structure, simpler:
  * R 150 p.a. for Individual Membership
  * R 5 000 p.a. for Organisational Membership

Tasks:

* *Everyone* able to sign up as individual.
  * Greg McKeen         ✔ / ✘
  * Jason Lewis         ✔ / ✘
  * Robin Prieschl      ✔ / ✘
  * Ivan Breet          ✔ / ✘
  * Renate Ehlers       ✔ / ✘
  * Lauro Scott Parkin  ✔ / ✘
  * Richard Banks       ✔ / ✘
* *Everyone* able to sign up as agency members.
  * Riaan Burger        ✔ / ✘
  * Greg McKeen         ✔ / ✘
  * Jason Lewis         ✔ / ✘
  * Robin Prieschl      ✔ / ✘
  * Johan du Bois       Awaiting NPO Registration
  * Ivan Breet          ✔ / ✘
  * Lee Taylor          ✔ / ✘
  * Renate Ehlers       ✔ / ✘
  * Lauro Scott Parkin  ✔ / ✘
  * Richard Banks       ✔ / ✘
* *Everyone* to encourage agencies and friends to sign up as individual and
  agency members.
* *Everyone* able to try to donate R 100 / R 200 per month.
* *Robin* will post messages to the newsletter.
* *Richard* will look into donation widgets.

Minutes:

* Vote was approved to change membership fees.
* Jason to do new Organisation Membership Logo, as only one tier of Membership is available now.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

================================================================================

National User Group Meet-ups
============================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

National *Robin / Jason*
------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Report.

Tasks:

* *Riaan* hopes to start the Durban meetup in November.

Minutes:

* No communication regarding National Meetups haven't happened yet. 
* Nothing new raised by anyone.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Johannesburg / Bryanston *Ivan / Lee*
-------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Report.

Minutes:

* Ivan reports: Call to speakers, Meetups have gone well, no disruptions. Attendance from DASA was appreciated this time. 

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Johannesburg / Parkhurst *Riaan / Grant*
----------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Report.

Minutes:

* Riaan reports: Second Friday of the month, from 12-3pm. Calling for speakers.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cape Town *Jason / Robin*
-------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Report.

Minutes:

* Riaan will be down at the end of the month.
* About 18 or more people, maybe more than 20 attendees at the July meetup.
* Promoting on Silicon Cape.
* No speaker yet for August, working on it.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pretoria *Renate / Lee*
-----------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Planned for August.
* Need a venue.
* Targeting Universities around the area.
* Renate hosts, with assistance from the rest of us.
* Book a selection of speakers from Johannesburg up to three months in advance.
* Potential Venues:
  * InnovationHub
  * *Lee* may have some contacts: House4Hack (Schalk)

Tasks:

* *Renate* to book Johannesburg speakers (speak to *Ivan*) to fill three months'
  meetups in advance.

Minutes:

* Venue in Centurion: Yonder Media are the sponsors.
* First event on the 28th August 2015, from 17:30 to 20:30.
* Many people have already signed up and RSVPed, it's going to be a good start.
* Adam will receive the Invoice from Meetup.com from Renate.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================

Communication
=============

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newsletter (MailChimp) *Robin / Andre*
--------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Report.
* Subscriber count.

Tasks:

* *Robin* to post an article on groups.drupal.org to explain reasons to
  subscribe to the newsletter:
  * To be notified about the elections
  * Keep abreast with community news, and meetup dates
  * Solicit articles
  * Describe frequency of e-mails

Minutes:

* Skipped

Completed / Agreed: ✔ / ✘

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

dasa.org.za & drupalcamp.co.za *Riaan / Robin*
----------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Next site will be Drupal 8.

Tasks:

* *Jason* to make a statement to contrib@dasa.org.za regarding the
  drupalcamp.co.za domain ownership. Registered ownership can by with anyone
  prepared to change ownership of the domain under direction of DASA if
  requested.

Minutes:

* Waiting to add the new meetup groups from meetup.com, to update the website with those widgets.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Business Queries *Riaan / Renate*
---------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Confirm:
  * Complaints directed at DASA regarding Drupal vendors will only be referred
    to [Drupal Conflict Resolution Policy and Process](https://www.drupal.org/conflict-resolution).
  * Requests for vendors from business and public will be addressed through a
    reference to DA and DASA membership lists.

Tasks:

* *Riaan* to send sample reply to @contrib.

Minutes:

* None

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Thank DrupalCamp Johannesburg Sponsors *Adam / Riaan*
-----------------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

*

Tasks:

* *Adam* to create a "Thank You" letter to send to Sponsors.

Minutes:

* Not done yet.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================

Administrative
==============

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Accounting *Adam / Riaan*
-------------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Bank Account:

- Name: **Drupal Association South Africa**
- Bank: **FNB**
- Type: **Cheque**
- Number: **62446745492**

Statements:

    Account: 62446745492
    Balance: 34 523.14

    2015/07/13,    300.00, 34523.14, FNB OB PMT            CTANTONDCSPONSOR
    2015/07/11,     -8.95, 34223.14, #SERVICE FEES
    2015/07/11,     -0.70, 34232.09, #VALUE ADDED SERV FEES
    2015/07/11,    -65.00, 34232.79, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2015/07/11,      0.00, 34297.79, BIS/INT 1 ON TRUE TIERING = 8.95
    2015/07/08,    100.00, 34297.79, SCHEDULED PYMT FROM   GREG MCKEEN
    2015/07/06,    300.00, 34197.79, CAPITEC   SHENRIQUESSPONSOR
    2015/07/01,    300.00, 33897.79, Mark Pape - Deep Current
    2015/06/30,    500.00, 33597.79, ABSA BANK DASA contrib - GBD
    -------------------------------- Since Previous Agenda
    2015/06/19,      0.00, 33097.79, EMAIL SENDING FEE      SIGNTRIFIC
    2015/06/18,   -513.00, 33097.79, INGEN MEDIA
    2015/06/18,   6600.00, 33610.79, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIXCAMPSPONSOR
    2015/06/11,     -8.95, 27010.79, #SERVICE FEES
    2015/06/11,     -0.70, 27019.74, #VALUE ADDED SERV FEES
    2015/06/11,    -61.00, 27020.44, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2015/06/11,      0.00, 27081.44, BIS/INT 1 ON TRUE TIERING = 8.95
    2015/06/08,    100.00, 27081.44, SCHEDULED PYMT FROM   GREG MCKEEN
    2015/06/02,    250.00, 26981.44, INTERNET TRF FROM     BURTRONIX DONATION
    2015/05/30,    100.00, 26731.44, SCHEDULED PYMT FROM   DUBOIS DONATION
    2015/05/20,     -6.00, 26631.44, #OB STATEMENT DOWNLOAD
    2015/05/20,     -6.00, 26637.44, #OB STATEMENT DOWNLOAD
    2015/05/20,     -6.00, 26643.44, #OB STATEMENT DOWNLOAD
    2015/05/20,     -6.00, 26649.44, #OB STATEMENT DOWNLOAD
    2015/05/19,      0.00, 26655.44, EMAIL SENDING FEE     ROBERTS & ROACH INV
    2015/05/19,    500.00, 26655.44, FNB OB PMT            DONATION: ROBBOTO
    2015/05/19,   3000.00, 26155.44, FNB OB PMT            SPONSORSHIP: ROBBOTO
    2015/05/18,   -730.00, 23155.44, DASA COURIER SERVICE
    2015/05/11,    -61.00, 23885.44, #MONTHLY ACCOUNT FEE
    2015/04/30,    100.00, 23946.44, SCHEDULED PYMT FROM   DUBOIS DONATION
    2015/04/28,     -6.00, 23846.44, #OB STATEMENT DOWNLOAD
    2015/04/28,     -6.00, 23852.44, #OB STATEMENT DOWNLOAD
    2015/04/28,     -6.00, 23858.44, #OB STATEMENT DOWNLOAD

Tasks:

* *Riaan* to update this a couple of days before each meeting.

Minutes:

  *

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Official Drupal 8 Launch Party *Riaan / Jason*
----------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* At Cobblestones in Monte Casino in Johannesburg / Bryanston.
* Awaiting venue confirmation in Johannesburg / Parkhurst.
* Awaiting venue confirmation in Cape Town.
* Awaiting venue confirmation in Pretoria.

Tasks:

* *Robin* to publish the intent on GDoSA as soon as *Lauro* completes the
  sticker designs.
* *Jason* to arrange for a Cape Town launch party.
* *Grant* to arrange for a Johannesburg / Parkhurst launch party.
* *Renate* to arrange for a Pretoria launch party.
* *Lauro* to create Drupal 8 launch party sticker designs for attendees.

Minutes:

* 

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2015 Governing Board Elections *Riaan / Renate*
-----------------------------------------------

Agenda Notes:

* Timeline
    *  18 November:  New Board
      * Assign portfolios:
        Chairman, Vice Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, Portfolio Manager
      * Review [Constitution](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DYY133KEg320wm4mIIBMDMd8f31LpndEimysmFUe6oU) and confirm duties
    * <31 October:   Publish results
    *  21 October:   Close voting
    *   9 September: Open voting
    *   2 September:
      * Close acceptance of new candidates.
      * Administrative: Gather short bio of all candidates, prepare to open vote.
    *  19 August - 2 September: Call for candidates.
    * Before: Promote upcoming elections

### Annual Procedure

- **1 to 2 week(s)**

  Call for candidates (volunteers and nominations).

- **1 week**

  Gather candidates' details (short bio and photo).

- **6 weeks**

  Open Polls

  * Primary post on GDoSA:

    * Anyone a member of GDoSA can vote, as long as they were a member before
      the "call for candidates" opened.
    * Vote by supplying a list in order of preference of up to 7 candidates.
    * Only one vote per person, the latest of multiple votes cast by one
      person invalidates the preceding ones by that person unless the latest
      is invalid, then the latest preceding valid one, if one exists will
      count.
    * Secretary and Treasurer will tally the votes **< one week**. Counting 7
      points for the highest preference and one less point for every one
      thereafter per vote.
    * Chairman will audit and publish the results.

    * From the DASA Constitution,
      section 7: The Governing Board, subsection 4: Term of office:

      * At least one board member of the Governing Board as a volunteer to do
        so, or failing that, designated through a vote by the Governing Board
        shall retire and will not be eligible as a Governing Board member for 12
        months.

      * No member of the Governing Board may serve for more than three
        consecutive years.

Tasks:

* Promote upcoming elections.

* Confirm *everyone* read and signed the
  [Constitution](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DYY133KEg320wm4mIIBMDMd8f31LpndEimysmFUe6oU).
* *Robin* to bring the constitution.
* *Renate* to sign the constitution.
* *Greg* to file the constitution.

Minutes:

* Notes: This will be the third year running with various members on the board: Riaan, Greg, Adam
* Riaan and Greg won't be taking administrative roles, to give new blood the opportunity to work with us for a year to take over in the 4th year, as we can't be on the board according to the constitution.

Completed / Agreed: ✔

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Any Other Business *Everyone*
-----------------------------
*≈ 15 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Anything arising at the meeting or not on the agenda.

Minutes:

* Please promote the camp, twitter, facebook, whereever.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================

DrupalCamp Cape Town 2015 *Jason / Johan*
=========================================
*≈ 5 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Date: **Friday the 4th of September 2015**
* Develop event assets further, focus on items we can also use at MyWoT.
* Consider ever better planning, reference:
  * https://groups.drupal.org/node/136494
* Planning committee: Johan, Jason, Dania.

Minutes:

* Good response in the last two weeks, more individual sponsors, sitting at 8.
* Roger Wilco, came on as a sponsor.
* Good meeting with Design Indaba, media partner for the camp, as they use Drupal too. Happy to support in the future too.
* Design Indaba: Looking for a UX designer with Drupal experience if DASA can help. 

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================

MyWoT (MyWorld of Tomorrow) 2015 *Adam / N/A*
==============================================

Agenda Notes:

* Date: **22nd - 24th October 2015**
* Confirmed that we will have a stand.
* Confirmed that we will have speakership opportunities.

* We need to assign people to work at the stand.
* We need to assign speakers.

Tasks:

* We need to assign people. It's *N/A* right now in the heading.
* *Adam* will meet with them shortly, and add to the Agenda Notes heading here.
* Once we know what the stand space will look like, *Jason* to design the stands

Minutes:

* Adam will visit them soon, as the idea has been revived. 

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================

Not Broadcast or Recorded
=========================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Any Sensitive Topics *Everyone*
-------------------------------
*≈ 2 min*

Agenda Notes:

* Any topics that need to be held in confidence.
* No recording and minutes to be kept in print / writing only.
* Example of such items are ones discussed with relation to our constitution:
  * 7: Governing Board
    * 7.11: Confidentiality
      * All matters pertaining to litigation, security measures, contractual
        negotiations, employment matters and any other matters deemed
        confidential by the Governing Board, must be treated as confidential
        and only the actual decisions may be disclosed to the general public.

Minutes:

* No such items.

Completed / Agreed: ✔ 

================================================================================
